---
title: Partners and Business Opportunities
---

Our goal is to help people effortlessly choose and buy what they need in order to live a better life. Keycap's extensive independent research has found audiences beyond our site with partners who use our work to serve their own audiences.

#### Affilate Partnerships

Readers visit Keycap when they are ready to make a purchase decision. Our exhaustive process and hours of extensive testing have built trust with readers and have made us a destination for product recommendations. If you carry a Keycap-recommended product or service and are interested in establishing an affiliate partnership, please email us at [bizdev@thekeycap.com](mailto:bizdev@thekeycap.com){target="_blank"}.

#### Licensing and Awards

Every pick on our site is an award winner, and being named best in class by our team of experts is news worth sharing. If you’re a manufacturer of a product that our editors named as the best, you can license our logo or editorial text to show potential customers how great your gear is. Please email [bizdev@thekeycap.com](mailto:bizdev@thekeycap.com){target="_blank"} if you’re interested.

#### Advertising

In addition to our reviews and buying guides, we can connect merchants and manufacturers with our readers through our display units. Please email us at [bizdev@thekeycap.com](mailto:bizdev@thekeycap.com){target="_blank"} for details.

#### Other Business Opportunities

Please email us at [bizdev@thekeycap.com](mailto:bizdev@thekeycap.com){target="_blank"} if you have ideas on how we could work together that don’t quite fit into the categories above. We’d love to hear from you.

Please note that we pride ourselves on following rigorous journalistic standards and ethics when doing our reviews and making recommendations. As such, our writers and editors maintain full editorial independence from our business operations, and we do not consider any product review, guest post, or sponsored content inquiries.