---
title: About Us
meta_title: What We Do at Keycap: Reviews by Keycap
---

Keycap is a list of the best mechanical keyboards and related gear for people who want to save the time and stress of figuring out what to buy.

We do our best to thoroughly research every product we review and recommend. With every category we cover we try to not only recommend our favorite overall pick, but to consider the needs of more specific needs. An occasional user looking for a mechanical keyboard will have very different needs from a professional gamer, no one product is likely to cover everyone's specific needs.

We pride ourselves on following rigorous journalistic standards and ethics, and we maintain editorial independence from our business operations. All reviews are made independent of any business partnerships, and we never sell a recommendation to the highest bidder.

**But don't the affiliate commissions make you biased?**

Our only goal is to create engaging content that our readers enjoy. Affiliate commissions are the main source of revenue that keeps this site up and running, and we chose the affiliate model with our readers in mind.

There are many ways a publisher can make money by providing value to their customers. When deciding on a revenue model, we immediately ruled out the advertising based models that are driven by tracking personal information and selling it to the highest bidder. Instead of making you the product, we aim to recommend products that you are interesting in buying and we get a commission from the *retailer*. If you return the product for any reason, we don't earn a commission. And don't worry, the fact that you were referred by us does not impact the item's price in any way.

Check out our [Privacy Policy](privacy-policy) for more details, but the *tl;dr;* is that we only collect a very limited set of information. We may collect information related to how you found us (*eg:* from a Google search, or a link on social media), what browser you are using, or a generalized location (*i.e. we collect city/state/country info, but never track IP address or geocoordinates*).

**What if the item I want wasn't on your site?**

Email or tweet at us to let us know if you need help figuring out a particular buying problem. Our staff of curious people love to research and test products and may be able to help.